'Virgama Sambhava' is a practice that we all touch to the many great masters of all schools of the
Buddhism.
From the to the like, 'Nimma', of course, 'DhÄnimma' and 'Sajjana' or 'Gadam' or the 'Galu'
schools of the very Buddhism.
Or any other sub-schools of the Buddhism.
When we need light sort of those great masters of all those schools, then we can really find how V
irgama Sambhava,
touched the Buddhism to all those great masters, because of the Buddhism of Virgama Sambhava,
their realization, their understanding and as well as their activities completely come all closed
without any big obstacles, every those great masters of the nation.
And so that is what really Virgama Sambhava.
And Virgama Sambhava also himself, you say, is not something that Virgama Sambhava, who came and
then gone.
It is not that. He is always here, and in his teaching said, and as well as many of those great
masters,
one after another said, Virgama Sambhava is not something that came and gone, but whoever practiced
, whoever meditated,
whoever do some good activities, Virgama Sambhava is always there to support, to inspire and to
help to our activities of the goodness.
And that is what really teaching said, and that is what the great masters said, and that is what
everyone says.
And that is what Virgama Sambhava is.
So therefore, again, Virgama Sambhava is a very special Buddha of this present time, of the Dijana
Vedic time,
and by of course all the time, but by people of all these times.
And every also great master often said, Virgama Sambhava is one of the very swept Buddhas of the D
ijana Vedic times,
when we need it more, when we have more difficult troubles in that time, Virgama Sambhava is here.
And again, in the many great masters you see, among all the male Buddhas, Virgama Sambhava is a
swept Buddhas.
Among all the female Buddhas, Tara is a swept Buddhas of the Dijana Vedic times.
That is what they said. So this is the Virgama Sambhava, and Virgama Sambhava,
very, very important and special Buddhas all the time.
And then again, this practice, this teaching is in the world by Thaso Mumba,
as we said yesterday, from the Samyachibu morning, or sorry, Samyachibu morning.
As he is in the world, then he is teaching to the students.
And therefore, this Thema teaching is known as a very short-distance lineage, or very close lineage
.
So Thema teaching comes very close. For example, the lineage comes from Virgama Sambhava,
this teaching, Yishimsojaya, and then the people themselves, or they do so,
in the time of the Virgama Sambhava, Yishimsojaya, in the 8th century, such as Samyachibu.
Virgama Sambhava, and Western Rakhine Yishimsojaya, and the Sangye Yishim, and then Thaso Mumba.
All Virgama Sambhava, Yishimsojaya, and then to the Thaso Mumba.
So Thaso Mumba, then, they quite prove monasteries in the Tibet,
particularly in the Eastern Tibet, that practice Thaso Mumba teachings,
known as in the Boa area, in the southern Tibet, of the Eastern Tibet, there's Boa area,
there's one monastery. In our region, in our region, there's small, many,
quite few small monasteries who hold this lineage teaching.
Among them, then, Gochi monastery is considering the big monasteries in these lineage schools.